README.md, before:

# Homemade MP3 Player
A homemade mp3 player written in Python using tkinter and the pygame tools that interacts with a playlist of mp3 files.

## Technologies
This project uses Python v. 3.9.6 and uses tkinter and pygame to build the widgets and provide actions to the widget 
buttons.

## Using the MP3 Player
To run the mp3 player, run the main.py python file to start the mp3 player application. When the application opens it 
will display the following buttons:
1. Play
2. Stop
3. Pause
4. Unpause
Press play or click in the black space under the buttons to display the list of songs. You can select a song in the list and play it 
by clicking the button. Once the song is playing, you can stop it entirely or pause the song. To resume playing the song, 
click 'Unpause'.

## Future Enhancements
Given more time to work on this, here are some things I would do to enhance the program.
1. Allow the selector to choose which songs to add to the playlist
2. Display the list of songs at the bottom of the widget

Commit message:

updated the readme and the songs the mp3 player plays

README.md, after:

# Homemade MP3 Player
This is a homemade mp3 player that plays a list of songs I covered on my guitar. The project is written in Python using tkinter and the pygame tools.

## Technologies
This project uses Python v. 3.9.6 and uses tkinter and pygame to build the widgets and provide actions to the widget 
buttons.

## Using the MP3 Player
To run the mp3 player, run the main.py python file to start the mp3 player application. When the application opens it 
will display the following buttons:
1. Play
2. Stop
3. Pause
4. Unpause
Press play or click in the black space under the buttons to display the list of songs. You can select a song in the list and play it 
by clicking the button. Once the song is playing, you can stop it entirely or pause the song. To resume playing the song, 
click 'Unpause'.

### Cover Songs
These are the songs I'm covering in the audio files:
- I'm Alive by Nora Jones
- Nothing Gets Me High by Bad Bad Hats
- Steal My Kisses by Ben Harper and the Innocent Criminals
- Tequila Does by Miranda Lambert

## Future Enhancements
Given more time to work on this, here are some things I would do to enhance the program.
1. Allow the selector to choose which songs to add to the playlist
2. Display the list of songs at the bottom of the widget
